Travigo Website Migration Project
Project Context
To enhance its online presence, Travigo, a leading travel agency, aims to migrate from a single-page website to a multi-page platform. This transition will allow for better content organization, improved user engagement, and a more comprehensive presentation of the company's offerings.

The product owner will organize a meeting with the development team to outline the company’s needs and validate your proposals.

Project Objectives
As a web integrator, your responsibility is to implement the following modifications:

1. New "Tours" Page
Develop a dedicated page showcasing Travigo's various travel destinations. This page should include destination descriptions, imagery, and any additional relevant information.
2. New "About Us" Page
Create an "About Us" page providing detailed information about Travigo, including company history, values, team members, and mission statement.
3. New "Contact Us" Page
Implement a "Contact Us" page featuring a form where users can submit feedback or inquiries. Ensure the form captures essential details and functions seamlessly. Include company contact information as well.
4. HTML/CSS Development
Integrate the newly developed pages using HTML and CSS. The pages should be added to the site's main navigation menu, ensuring consistent design and functionality across the site.
5. SEO Enhancements (Optional)
Implement at least three SEO optimizations to improve the site's search engine ranking. Suggestions include:
Improving meta tags (titles, descriptions).
Enhancing page loading speed.
Structuring URLs and internal links for better SEO performance.
6. Logo Proposal
Design a new logo that aligns with Travigo's visual identity and branding guidelines, enhancing the site's overall aesthetic.
7. Content Creation
Propose appropriate content, including both text and high-quality images, for the newly added pages. Ensure that the content is relevant, engaging, and aligned with Travigo's marketing objectives.
8. Mobile Responsiveness
Ensure the entire website, including the newly added pages, is fully responsive and provides a seamless experience across different devices (desktop, tablet, and mobile).
9. UX/UI Best Practices
Follow modern UX/UI design principles to ensure an intuitive, user-friendly interface, with a focus on ease of navigation and clear calls to action.
Bonus Features
To further enhance the user experience, you are encouraged to:

Implement additional pages or features that improve the user journey (e.g., a "Testimonials" section or an "FAQ" page).
Add CSS animations or transitions to elevate the visual appeal of the website.
Deliverables
"Tours" page showcasing various destinations.
"About Us" page with comprehensive company information.
"Contact Us" page with a functional feedback form.
Improved navigation and multi-page integration.
Optional: SEO optimizations and UX/UI improvements.
Technical Requirements
HTML5 and CSS3 for development.
SEO Techniques for search engine optimization.
UX/UI Design to ensure a user-friendly and visually appealing interface.
Responsive Design for optimal performance on mobile devices.
How to Run the Project
Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/travigo-website-migration.git
Open the project in a browser by launching the index.html file.
Contribution Guidelines
We welcome contributions! Please submit your pull requests or open issues to suggest improvements or report bugs.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
